Deprecate and remove some storage plugins (#28223)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

* [`local`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#local) - local storage devices
  mounted on nodes.
* [`nfs`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#nfs) - Network File System (NFS) storage
* [`portworxVolume`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#portworxvolume) - Portworx volume
* [`rbd`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#rbd) - Rados Block Device (RBD) volume
* [`vsphereVolume`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#vspherevolume) - vSphere VMDK volume

> The following types of PersistentVolume are currently deprecated. The support is still available but will be removed soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following types of PersistentVolume are deprecated. This means that support is still available but will be removed in a future Kubernetes release.
```

Author: Done

> * [`cinder`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#cinder) - Cinder (OpenStack block storage)

Reviewer 2: do you want to add pd, aws, azure, vsphere drivers here too?

Author: The problem is only pd and aws get deprecated in 1.17... The others they are not. 
I am planning to get those deprecated in next release. And then we can publish them all here.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I undrestand the issue? Since pd/aws/azure are already deprecated, we can update the docs right?

  (**deprecated** in v1.18, support removal is planned in v1.26)
* [`flocker`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#flocker) - Flocker storage
  (**deprecated** in v1.22, support removal is planned in v1.26)
* [`quobyte`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#quobyte) - Quobyte volume
  (**deprecated** in v1.22, support removal is planned in v1.26)
* [`storageos`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#storageos) - StorageOS volume

>   (**deprecated** in v1.22, support removal is planned in v1.26)

Author: Done.

> The support of following types of PersistentVolume are removed.
> 
> * `photonPersistentDisk` - Photon controller persistent disk.
>   (**removed** in v1.16)
> * [`scaleIO`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#scaleio) - ScaleIO volume
>   (**removed** in v1.22)

Reviewer: I'd write:
```suggestion
Older versions of Kubernetes also supported two other in-tree
PersistentVolume types: `photonPersistentDisk` (not available after v1.15)
and `scaleIO` (not available after v1.21).
```

I suggested the new wording because “are removed” is written more like the present tense, whereas this suggested text is written so it can stay in the document and fit there even many minor releases later.

Author: Done.

* [`local`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#local) - local storage devices
  mounted on nodes.
* [`nfs`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#nfs) - Network File System (NFS) storage

> * `photonPersistentDisk` - Photon controller persistent disk.

Author: Done
